---
layout: post
title:  "General Rules that can be Copied (!)"
date:   2022-10-20 00:00:00 +0800
category: 
    - minecrafting 
    - admincraft 
    - adminship
legacy_meta_desc: Rules for Chatrooms & Minecraft Servers licensed under CC BY-NC-SA 4.0.
---

It has been no secret that people often needs to make rules for some venture; like Discord Servers; Minecraft Servers or chatrooms. Here is a sample list of rules to bootstrap your venture without falling into the pits of missed rules and a heck of a argument later on. Essential Rules are listed first in cardinal order; while non Essential Rules are listed in point form and can be adopted as wished.

(stuff) means fill the word suitable for you;
[stuff] means it can be adopted word for word;
//means comment

# Chatrooms; including Discord

1. Do not be a jerk. Do not say, or do stuff that makes others uncomfortable. If asked to stop; Stop.

2. Do be kind and make others comfortable.

3. Do not spam, unless in authorized channels; especially spamming of pinging, private messaging or repeated harassment of any type against unwilling server members are forbidden.

4. Do not impersonate staff or other server members, nor post personal details of others.

5. Do not spew hate speech against others.

6. Do not advertise other than authorized.

7. Staff member's decisions can be appealed once to the Founder; where the decision is Final. Listen and do as decided.

8. Do not break the TOS of the platform.

9. Do not scam other players.

10. Please inform the Staff about any grievances you find on platform.

11. (language) is the primary method of communication on the server.

12. You can be punished on violation of the aforementioned rule as decided by the Staffs.

13. If any ambiguity arises, ask the staff - the Staff holds the final say.

### If NSFW channels exists/if it does not exist but is a SFW room

* Only post NSFW materials in our NSFW channels/Do not post NSFW materials. This is a (family or other applicable adjective) server.

# Minecraft Servers

1. Do be civil, and don't be a jerk.

2. No hacking, cheating, or abuse of the server is allowed in any way, shape or form.

3. Do not spam [or try to bypass the chat filter //although implementing the chat filter is a bad idea (tm)], or send harmful links on the server.

4. Chatrooms rule applies here for the chat messaging function.

5. Do not build any kind of lag machines on the server, unless the server is Pay to Win. If the server is fully Pay to Win as defined by [this document](tab:https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Rd8vkKvpln6uhgO4XIUctWS5VkaxyZRc0h8Bb9GaxLI/edit), the licensing[^licensing] for the entirety of the Ruleset is revoked since said usage is commercial.

6. You may be banned as a result of violation of the rules.

## General Survival Ruleset

* Do not engage in nonconsensual PvP.

* Do not steal, or generally griefing of other's work.

## General Creative Ruleset

* Do not grief others.

* Do not steal other's work by plagiarism. Build your own work.

## General Anarchy Philosophy

> This document will not touch into the philosophy, instead of actual rules for Anarchy Servers.

[^licensing]: This document is released as Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International.
