---
layout: post
title:  "Minecraft Trading Place Haruka - Day 1"
date:   2022-03-31 00:00:00 +0800
category: minecrafting
legacy_meta_desc: Chika, who cannot become a VTuber, begins to make a shop line in a VTuber Minecraft Server.
---

> I cannot be a VTuber, so I’ll see what my expertise can do!

Chika here. This will be a multipart series in documenting my adventures in a certain Minecraft Server, where I attempt to set up a ton of shops to outdo the local server admin based shops & make myself rich as a side effect.

**Kirameki Corp Haruka Division** is therefore established.

# How to “outdo” a server

- Minecraft Experience
- Familarity with the almighty Google
- Building Skills
- Talking Skills
- Time to spend
- (preferably) new Administration & new server, mostly with hobbyist

## Day 1; where I mine to level 10, and get myself a pair of cow

As I have limited time to do things in comparison to the bigger server and their total time spent, precise action are required. Setting up base in a secluded area, I quickly setted home and dug to level 10. Anything that expedite this progress is great, including a plugin that let me fell a tree on the base. I settled for the long mining journey for basic gear, using stone pickaxes as disposable tools as to branch mine and made a diamond pickaxe for the rare minerals, where I encountered much in the Resource Server. Most Resource Server reset very soon, for example one Server I mentored resets their Resource Server twice a week(!), yet this server only reset every 6 months, so it’s pretty safe to make even full farms here instead of in the main world, where mobs seems to be unable to spawn for a reason. 

Branch Mining for a hour and I already have enough for basic unenchanted gear (and I made 2 sets, one was lost on a unlucky random teleport *onto a creeper* and another one was made, which *further* illustrates why branch mining is good despite Administration’s push for adventure); even their random dangerous weather plugin actually did the counter effect and pushed for people to camp up - a lesson on paradoxical effects for any aspiring server owner.

I also used random teleport to get myself leather in order to make enchanting tables, and made 3 bookshelves out of the 15 needed for a full table. I also captured 2 cows using this and used wheat from the public farm to save time.

The above costed 3 hours, and I logged out for theorycrafting. As the hardware of the server was not good, the Administration implemented a 5 living things per chunk rule, which is hard on farms - another issue was the extreme cost of the claims in the Main World, where I set the shops in. Yet, even with the longer reset period, Resource World *don’t* offer any type of protection. There are farms that must be built in the Resource World, like Manual Blaze Farms -

> (Hereafter I’ll divide farms into two types - Autonomous Farms, as in Autonomous Cobblestone Farms, which require only chunk loading by player, and Manual Farms, as in Manual Blaze Farms, which do require player input. Another distinction to be made is AFK Farms, as in you can get a macro up and do other stuff; compared with Active Input Farms, where you must be in the game and actively click.)

I’ll need to decide to place what farms at which server, as well as which /home to assign it to - since I can only make 3 homes in the Resource World. If I use only 2, I can additionally get a bonus to quickly get back to the Main World. 

I’ll sign off here - this took me 3 hours up to this point.

    y-10 mine
     |- coal
     |- iron & diamonds
     | |- basic gear
     | \- enchanting (prerequisite 1/2)
     \- redstone, stone
      \- different kinds of farms
    exploration
     \- cows
       \- enchanting (prerequistite 2/2)
         \- advanced gear
